---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "runpod_endpoint Resource - terraform-provider-runpod"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  RunPod Serverless Endpoint resource. An Endpoint is a serverless deployment that auto-scales based on demand.
---

# runpod_endpoint (Resource)

RunPod Serverless Endpoint resource. An Endpoint is a serverless deployment that auto-scales based on demand.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `template_id` (String) The unique identifier of the template used to create the Endpoint.

### Optional

- `allowed_cuda_versions` (List of String) A list of acceptable CUDA versions on the workers.
- `compute_type` (String) Set to GPU for GPU workers or CPU for CPU workers.
- `cpu_flavor_ids` (List of String) A list of RunPod CPU flavors which can be attached to workers.
- `data_center_ids` (List of String) A list of RunPod data center IDs where workers can be located.
- `execution_timeout_ms` (Number) The maximum number of milliseconds a request can run before the worker is stopped.
- `flashboot` (Boolean) Whether to use flash boot for the Endpoint.
- `gpu_count` (Number) The number of GPUs attached to each worker on the Endpoint.
- `gpu_type_ids` (List of String) A list of RunPod GPU types which can be attached to workers.
- `idle_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds a worker can run without taking a job before the worker is scaled down.
- `name` (String) A user-defined name for the Endpoint.
- `network_volume_id` (String) The unique identifier of the network volume to attach to the Endpoint.
- `scaler_type` (String) The method used to scale up workers. QUEUE_DELAY or REQUEST_COUNT.
- `scaler_value` (Number) For QUEUE_DELAY: seconds a request can remain in queue. For REQUEST_COUNT: target requests per worker.
- `vcpu_count` (Number) If the Endpoint is a CPU endpoint, the number of vCPUs allocated to each worker.
- `workers_max` (Number) The maximum number of workers that can be running at the same time.
- `workers_min` (Number) The minimum number of workers that will run at the same time.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The UTC timestamp when the Endpoint was created.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Endpoint.
- `user_id` (String) The unique identifier of the user who created the Endpoint.
- `version` (Number) The version number of the Endpoint.
