---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "runpod_pod Resource - terraform-provider-runpod"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  RunPod Pod resource. A Pod is a container instance that can be either GPU-based or CPU-based.
---

# runpod_pod (Resource)

RunPod Pod resource. A Pod is a container instance that can be either GPU-based or CPU-based.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allowed_cuda_versions` (List of String) If the Pod is a GPU Pod, a list of acceptable CUDA versions on the Pod.
- `cloud_type` (String) Set to SECURE to create the Pod in Secure Cloud. Set to COMMUNITY to create the Pod in Community Cloud.
- `compute_type` (String) Set to GPU to create a GPU Pod. Set to CPU to create a CPU Pod.
- `container_disk_in_gb` (Number) The amount of disk space, in gigabytes (GB), to allocate on the container disk. Data is wiped when the Pod restarts.
- `container_registry_auth_id` (String) Registry credentials ID.
- `country_codes` (List of String) A list of country codes where the Pod can be located.
- `cpu_flavor_ids` (List of String) If the Pod is a CPU Pod, a list of RunPod CPU flavors which can be attached to the Pod.
- `cpu_flavor_priority` (String) If the Pod is a CPU Pod, set to availability to respond to current CPU flavor availability. Set to custom to always try to rent CPU flavors in the order specified.
- `data_center_ids` (List of String) A list of RunPod data center IDs where the Pod can be located.
- `data_center_priority` (String) Set to availability to respond to current machine availability. Set to custom to always try to rent machines from data centers in the order specified.
- `docker_entrypoint` (List of String) If specified, overrides the ENTRYPOINT for the Docker image run on the Pod.
- `docker_start_cmd` (List of String) If specified, overrides the start CMD for the Docker image run on the Pod.
- `env` (Map of String) Environment variables for the Pod.
- `global_networking` (Boolean) Set to true to enable global networking for the Pod.
- `gpu_count` (Number) If the Pod is a GPU Pod, the number of GPUs attached to the Pod.
- `gpu_type_ids` (List of String) If the Pod is a GPU Pod, a list of RunPod GPU types which can be attached to the Pod.
- `gpu_type_priority` (String) If the Pod is a GPU Pod, set to availability to respond to current GPU type availability. Set to custom to always try to rent GPU types in the order specified.
- `image_name` (String) The Docker image tag for the container run on the Pod.
- `interruptible` (Boolean) Set to true to create an interruptible or spot Pod. Can be rented at a lower cost but can be stopped at any time.
- `locked` (Boolean) Set to true to lock a Pod. Locking a Pod disables stopping or resetting the Pod.
- `min_disk_bandwidth_mbps` (Number) The minimum disk bandwidth, in megabytes per second (MBps), for the Pod.
- `min_download_mbps` (Number) The minimum download speed, in megabits per second (Mbps), for the Pod.
- `min_ram_per_gpu` (Number) If the Pod is a GPU Pod, the minimum amount of RAM, in gigabytes (GB), allocated to the Pod for each GPU.
- `min_upload_mbps` (Number) The minimum upload speed, in megabits per second (Mbps), for the Pod.
- `min_vcpu_per_gpu` (Number) If the Pod is a GPU Pod, the minimum number of virtual CPUs allocated to the Pod for each GPU.
- `name` (String) A user-defined name for the Pod. The name does not need to be unique.
- `network_volume_id` (String) The unique string identifying the network volume to attach to the Pod.
- `ports` (List of String) A list of ports exposed on the Pod. Each port is formatted as [port number]/[protocol].
- `support_public_ip` (Boolean) If the Pod is on Community Cloud, set to true if you need the Pod to expose a public IP address.
- `template_id` (String) If the Pod is created with a template, the unique string identifying that template.
- `vcpu_count` (Number) If the Pod is a CPU Pod, the number of vCPUs allocated to the Pod.
- `volume_in_gb` (Number) The amount of disk space, in gigabytes (GB), to allocate on the Pod volume. Data is persisted across Pod restarts.
- `volume_mount_path` (String) The absolute path where the network volume will be mounted in the filesystem.

### Read-Only

- `actual_data_center` (String) The actual data center where the Pod was deployed.
- `adjusted_cost_per_hr` (Number) The effective cost in RunPod credits per hour of running the Pod, adjusted by active Savings Plans.
- `cost_per_hr` (Number) The cost in RunPod credits per hour of running the Pod.
- `desired_status` (String) The current expected status of the Pod.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Pod.
- `last_started_at` (String) The UTC timestamp when the Pod was last started.
- `machine_id` (String) The unique identifier of the host machine the Pod is running on.
- `memory_in_gb` (Number) The amount of RAM, in gigabytes (GB), attached to the Pod.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP address of the Pod.
